Add Copilot Instructions (#6247)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- Do not edit the Dockerfiles in `src/` directly.
- To generate Dockerfiles, run `pwsh ./eng/dockerfile-templates/Get-GeneratedDockerfiles.ps1`.
- Do not edit `*README*.md` files directly.
- To generate READMEs, run `pwsh ./eng/readme-templates/Get-GeneratedReadmes.ps1`.

## Manifests

- `manifest.json` describes the Dockerfiles in this repo and how they should be built, tagged, and published.
- `manifest.versions.json` contains product version information used by the Dockerfile templates. It is typically updated using the `eng/update-dependencies` tool.

## How to build and test

- Only build and test images that were changed. When changing many images, just build and test a single combination of .NET version and OS as a sanity check.
- To build Dockerfiles, run `pwsh ./build-and-test.ps1 -mode 'Build' -paths '*glob*pattern*'`. For example, to build all .NET 9.0 Ubuntu Noble images, run `./build-and-test.ps1 -paths '*9.0*noble*'`.
- To run image tests, run `pwsh ./tests/run-tests.ps1 -paths '*glob*pattern*'`.

> - To run only the pre-build validation tests, run `pwsh ./tests/run-tests.ps1 -paths '*glob*pattern*'` script with the `pre-build` test category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run only the pre-build validation tests, run `pwsh ./tests/run-tests.ps1 -paths '*glob*pattern*' -TestCategories @('pre-build')`.
```
